you remember me
how you doing tonight doing well officer
can i see your driver's license
registration and insurance please
of course my license is right here my
wallet that's all right son
you remember the night in july
[Music]
hey hey hey wait wait put the phone down
put that phone down
it's a cell phone it's just a cell phone
you know he was unarmed
push the car and put your hands in the
air austin please he's just a kid
you pointed your gun at him okay get out
of the car son
easy you pulled the trigger
the grand jury determined that no
probable cause exists to file any
charges
against officer randall
this is my son this is my little boy
[Music]
you took that from me the world took
that from me
today we make that right
hear me when i say this because i'm only
gonna say it once
don't stop filming
if you just give up now why are we the
only people in this country
that expected to do things without
violence
[Music]
i didn't mean to kill your son what you
did
i did what i was trying to do i just
want justice
that's all i want this is your jury
the deciders of your faith today you
will be tried for the murder of my son
you scared aw
you afraid
you